doc: Update suggested OTA DFU apps (#12727)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/device_guides/working_with_nrf/nrf52/developing.rst

   .. note::
      nRF Connect for Desktop does not currently support the FOTA process.

>    Use the `nRF Connect Device Manager`_ mobile app to update your device with the new firmware.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Use the `nRF Connect Device Manager`_ mobile app to update your device with the new firmware.
```

Shouldn't this be the main step?

   a. Ensure that you can access the :file:`dfu_application.zip` archive from your phone or tablet.

>    #. In the mobile app scan and select the device to update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   #. In the mobile app, scan and select the device to update.
```

   #. Switch to the :guilabel:`Image` tab.

>    #. Tap the :guilabel:`SELECT FILE` button and select the archive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   #. Tap the :guilabel:`SELECT FILE` button and select the :file:`dfu_application.zip` archive.
```

   #. Tap the :guilabel:`START` button.

>    #. Select mode in the dialog window and tap the :guilabel:`START` button to initiate the DFU process to transfer the image to the device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   #. Select a mode in the dialog window, and tap the :guilabel:`START` button to initiate the DFU process of transferring the image to the device.
```

   #. Wait for the DFU to finish and then verify that the application works properly.

   .. note::

>       FOTA updates when MCUboot is in the direct-xip mode are supported since:
>       * Version ``1.8`` of `nRF Connect Device Manager`_ on Android.
>       * Version ``1.4`` of `nRF Connect Device Manager`_ on iOS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Support for FOTA updates with MCUboot in the direct-xip mode is available since the following versions of the `nRF Connect Device Manager`_ mobile app:
      * Version ``1.8``  on Android.
      * Version ``1.4`` on iOS.
```
Let me know in case the meaning is affected

   .. note::
      nRF Connect for Desktop does not currently support the FOTA process.

#. Use the `nRF Connect Device Manager`_ mobile app to update your device with the new firmware.

   a. Ensure that you can access the :file:`dfu_application.zip` archive from your phone or tablet.
   #. In the mobile app, scan and select the device to update.
   #. Switch to the :guilabel:`Image` tab.
   #. Tap the :guilabel:`SELECT FILE` button and select the :file:`dfu_application.zip` archive.
   #. Tap the :guilabel:`START` button.
   #. Initiate the DFU process of transferring the image to the device:

>       * On Android, select a mode in the dialog window, and tap the :guilabel:`START` button.
>       * On iOS, tap the selected mode in the pop-up window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      * If you are using and Android device, select a mode in the dialog window, and tap the :guilabel:`START` button.
      * If you are using an iOS device, tap the selected mode in the pop-up window.
```

Author: applied

   #. Wait for the DFU to finish and then verify that the application works properly.

   .. note::
      Support for FOTA updates with MCUboot in the direct-xip mode is available since the following versions of the `nRF Connect Device Manager`_ mobile app:
      * Version ``1.8`` on Android.

>       * Version ``1.4`` on iOS.

Reviewer 2: This part renders incorrectly, you need to have a blank line

   .. note::
      nRF Connect for Desktop does not currently support the FOTA process.

   Use the `nRF Connect Device Manager`_ mobile app to update your device with the new firmware.

   a. Ensure that you can access the :file:`dfu_application.zip` archive from your phone or tablet.

>    #. Connect to the device with the mobile app.

Author: I modified those steps a little with exact steps (which buttons etc.)
